Geek Love by Katherine Dunn
Chapter 1: The Nuclear Family:
His Talk, Her Teeth
When your mama was the geek, my 
dreamlets,” Papa would say, “she made 
the
nipping off of noggins such a crystal 
mystery that the hens themselves 
yearned toward
her, waltzing around her, hypnotized 
with longing. ‘Spread your lips, sweet 
Lil,’ they’d
cluck, ‘and show us your choppers!’ ”
This same Crystal Lil, our star-haired 
mama, sitting snug on the built-in sofa 
that
was Arty’s bed at night, would chuckle 
at the sewing in her lap and shake her 
head.
“Don’t piffle to the children, Al. 
Those hens ran like whiteheads.”
Nights on the road this would be, 
between shows and towns in
some campground or pull-off, with the 
other vans and trucks and trailers of 
Binewski’s
Carnival Fabulon ranged up around us, 
safe in our portable village.
After supper, sitting with full bellies 
in the lamp glow, we Binewskis were
supposed to read and study. But if it 
rained the story mood would sneak up on 
Papa.
The hiss and tick on the metal of our 
big living van distracted him from his 
papers. Rain
on a show night was catastrophe. Rain 
on the road meant talk, which, for 
Papa, was pure
pleasure.
“It’s a shame and a pity, Lil,” he’d 
say, “that these offspring of yours 
should only
know the slumming summer geeks from 
Yale.”
“Princeton, dear,” Mama would correct 
him mildly. “Randall will be a sophomore
this fall. I believe he’s our first 
Princeton boy.”
We children would sense our story 
slipping away to trivia. Arty would 
nudge me
and I’d pipe up with, “Tell about the 
time when Mama was the geek!” and Arty 
and Elly
and Iphy and Chick would all slide into 
line with me on the floor between 
Papa’s chair
and Mama.
Mama would pretend to be fascinated by 
her sewing and Papa would tweak his
swooping mustache and vibrate his 
tangled eyebrows, pretending 
reluctance. “Welllll …”
he’d begin, “it was a long time ago …”

“Before we were born!”
“Before …” he’d proclaim, waving an arm 
in his grandest ringmaster style, 
“before
I even dreamed you, my dreamlets!”
“I was still Lillian Hinchcliff in 
those days,” mused Mama. “And when your 
father
spoke to me, which was seldom and 
reluctantly, he called me ‘Miss.’ ”
“Miss!” we would giggle. Papa would 
whisper to us loudly, as though Mama
couldn’t hear, “Terrified! I was so 
smitten I’d stutter when I tried to 
talk to her. ‘M-MM-Miss …’ I’d say.”
We’d giggle helplessly at the idea of 
Papa, the GREAT TALKER, so flummoxed.
“I, of course, addressed your father as 
Mister Binewski.”
“There I was,” said Papa, “hosing the 
old chicken blood and feathers out of 
the
geek pit on the morning of July 3rd and 
congratulating myself for having good 
geek
posters, telling myself I was going to 
sell tickets by the bale because the 
weekend of the
Fourth is the hottest time for geeks 
and I had a fine, brawny geek that 
year. Enthusiastic
about the work, he was. So I’m hosing 
away, feeling very comfortable and 
proud of
myself, when up trips your mama, 
looking like angelfood, and tells me my 
geek has done
a flit in the night, folded his rags as 
you might say, and hailed a taxi for 
the airport. He
leaves a note claiming his pop is very 
sick and he, the geek, must retire from 
the pit and
take his fangs home to Philadelphia to 
run the family bank.”
“Brokerage, dear,” corrects Mama.
“And with your mama, Miss Hinchcliff, 
standing there like three scoops
of vanilla I can’t even cuss! What am I 
gonna do? The geek posters are all over 
town!”
“It was during a war, darlings,” 
explains Mama. “I forget which one 
precisely.
Your father had difficulty getting help 
at that time or he never would have 
hired me,
even to make costumes, as inexperienced 
as I was.”
“So I’m standing there fuddled from 
breathing Miss Hinchcliff’s Midnight
Marzipan perfume and cross-eyed with 
figuring. I couldn’t climb into the pit 
myself
because I was doing twenty jobs 
already. I couldn’t ask Horst the Cat 
Man because he
was a vegetarianto begin with, and his 
dentures would disintegrate the first 
time he hit a

chicken neck anyhow. Suddenly your mama 
pops up for all the world like she was
offering me sherry and biscuits. ‘I’ll 
do it, Mr. Binewski,’ she says, and I 
just about sent a
present to my laundryman.”
Mama smiled sweetly into her sewing and 
nodded. “I was anxious to prove myself
useful to the show. I’d been with 
Binewski’s Fabulon only two weeks at 
the time and I
felt very keenly that I was on trial.”
“So I says,” interrupts Papa, “ ‘But, 
miss, what about your teeth?’ Meaning 
she
might break ’em or chip ’em, and she 
smiles wide, just like she’s smiling 
now, and says,
‘They’re sharp enough, I think!’ ”
We looked at Mama and her teeth were 
white and straight, but of course by 
that
time they were all false.
“I looked at her delicate little jaw 
and I just groaned. ‘No,’ I says, ‘I 
couldn’t ask
you to …’ but it did flash into my mind 
that a blonde and lovely geek with 
legs—I mean
your mama has what we refer to in the 
trade as LEGS—would do the business no 
real
harm. I’d never heard of a girl geek 
before and the poster possibilities 
were glorious.
Then I thought again, No … she couldn’t 
…”
“What your papa didn’t know was that 
I’d watched the geek several times and 
of
course I’d often helped Minna, our cook 
at home, when she slaughtered a fowl 
for the
table. I had him. He had no choice but 
to give me a try.”
“Oh, but I was scared spitless when her 
first show came up that afternoon! 
Scared
she’d be disgusted and go home to 
Boston. Scared she’d flub the deal and 
have the
crowd screaming for their money back. 
Scared she’d get hurt … A chicken could 
scratch
her or peck an eye out quick as a 
blink.”
“I was quite nervous myself,” nodded 
Mama.
“The crowd was good. A hot Saturday 
that was, and the Fourth of July was the
Sunday. I was running like a geeked 
bird the whole day myself, and just had 
time to
duck behind the pit for one second 
before I stood up front to lead in the 
mugs. There she
was like a butterfly …”
“I wore tatters really, white because 
it shows the blood so well even in the 
dark of
the pit.”

“But such artful tatters! Such 
low-necked, slit-to-the-thigh, silky 
tatters! So I took
a deep breath and went out to talk ’em 
in. And in they went. A lot of soldiers 
in the
crowd. I was still selling tickets when 
the cheers and whistles started inside 
and the
whooping and stomping on those old wood 
bleachers drew even more people. I 
finally
grabbed a popcorn kid to sell tickets 
and went inside to see for myself.”
Papa grinned at Mama and twiddled his 
mustache.
“I’ll never forget,” he chuckled.
“I couldn’t growl, you see, or snarl 
convincingly. So I sang,” explained 
Mama.
“Happy little German songs! In a high, 
thin voice!”
“Franz Schubert, my dears.”
“She fluttered around like a dainty 
bird, and when she caught those ugly
squawking hens you couldn’t believe 
she’d actually do anything. When she 
went right
ahead and geeked ’em that whole 
larruping crowd went bonzo wild. There 
never was
such a snap and twist of the wrist, 
such a vampire flick of the jaws over a 
neck or such a
champagne approach to the blood. She’d 
shake her star-white hair and the 
bitten-off
chicken head would skew off into the 
corner while she dug her rosy little 
fingernails in
and lifted the flopping, jittering 
carcass like a golden goblet, and 
sipped! Absolutely
sipped at the wriggling guts! She was 
magnificent, a princess, a Cleopatra, 
an elfin
queen! That was your mama in the geek 
pit.
“People swarmed her act. We built more 
bleachers, moved her into the biggest
top we had, eleven hundred capacity, 
and it was always jammed.”
“It was fun.” Lil nodded. “But I felt 
that it wasn’t my true métier.”
“Yeah.” Papa would half frown, looking 
down at his hands, quieted suddenly.
Feeling the story mood evaporate, one 
of us children would coax, “What made
you quit, Mama?”
She would sigh and look up from under 
her spun-glass eyebrows at Papa and
then turn to where we were huddled on 
the floor in a heap and say softly, “I 
had
always dreamed of flying. The 
Antifermos, the Italian trapeze clan, 
joined the show in

Abilene and I begged them to teach me.” 
Then she wasn’t talking to us anymore 
but to
Papa. “And, Al, you know you would 
never have got up the nerve to ask for 
my hand if I
hadn’t fallen and got so bunged up. 
Where would we be now if I hadn’t?”
Papa nodded, “Yes, yes, and I made you 
walk again just fine, didn’t I?” But his
face went flat and smileless and his 
eyes went to the poster on the sliding 
door to their
bedroom. It was old silvered paper, 
expensive, with the lone lush figure of 
Mama in
spangles and smile, high-stepping with 
arms thrown up so her fingers, in red 
elbowlength gloves, touched the starry 
letters arching “CRYSTAL LIL” above her.
•••
My father’s name was Aloysius Binewski. 
He was raised in a traveling carnival
owned by his father and called 
“Binewski’s Fabulon.” Papa was 
twenty-four years old
when Grandpa died and the carnival fell 
into his hands. Al carefully bolted the 
silver urn
containing his father’s ashes to the 
hood of the generator truck that 
powered the
midway. The old manhad wandered with 
the show for so long that his dust 
would have
been miserable left behind in some 
stationary vault.
Times were hard and, through no fault 
of young Al’s, business began to 
decline.
Five years after Grandpa died, the once 
flourishing carnival was fading.
The show was burdened with an aging 
lion that repeatedly broke expensive
dentures by gnawing the bars of his 
cage; demands for cost-of-living 
increases from the
fat lady, whose food supply was written 
into her contract; and the midnight 
defection of
an entire family of animal eroticists, 
taking their donkey, goat, and Great 
Dane with
them.
The fat lady eventually jumped ship to 
become a model for a magazine called
Chubby Chaser. My father was left with 
a cut-rate, diesel-fueled fire-eater 
and the
prospect of a very long stretch in a 
trailer park outside of Fort Lauderdale.
Al was a standard-issue Yankee, set on 
self-determination and independence, but
in that crisis his core of genius 
revealed itself. He decided to breed 
his own freak show.
My mother, Lillian Hinchcliff, was a 
water-cool aristocrat from the 
fastidious side
of Boston’s Beacon Hill, who had 
abandoned her heritage and joined the 
carnival to
become an aerialist. Nineteen is late 
to learn to fly and Lillian fell, 
smashing her elegant

nose and her collarbones. She lost her 
nerve but not her lust for sawdust and 
honkytonk lights. It was this passion 
that made her an eager partner in Al’s 
scheme. She was
willing to chip in on any effort to 
renew public interest in the show. 
Then, too, the idea
of inherited security was ingrained 
from her childhood. As she often said, 
“What greater
gift could you offeryour children than 
an inherent ability to earn a living 
just by being
themselves?”
The resourceful pair began 
experimenting with illicit and 
prescription drugs,
insecticides, and eventually 
radioisotopes. My mother developed a 
complex dependency
on various drugs during this process, 
but she didn’t mind. Relying on Papa’s 
ingenuity
to keep her supplied, Lily seemed to 
view her addiction as a minor 
by-product of their
creative collaboration.
Their firstborn was my brother Arturo, 
usually known as Aqua Boy. His hands
and feet were in the form of flippers 
that sprouted directly from his torso 
without
intervening arms or legs. He was taught 
to swim in infancy and was displayed 
nude in a
big clear-sided tanklike an aquarium. 
His favorite trick at the ages of three 
and four was
to put his face close to the glass, 
bulging his eyes out at the audience, 
opening and
closing his mouth like a river bass, 
and then to turn his back and paddle 
off, revealing
the turd trailing from his muscular 
little buttocks. Al and Lil laughed 
about it later, but
at the time it caused them great 
consternation as well as the nuisance 
of sterilizing
the tank more often than usual. As the 
years passed, Arty donned trunks and 
became
more sophisticated, but it’s been said, 
with some truth, that his attitude 
never really
changed.
My sisters, Electra and Iphigenia, were 
born when Arturo was two years old and
starting to haul in crowds. The girls 
were Siamese twins with perfect upper 
bodies joined
at the waist and sharing one set of 
hips and legs. They usually sat and 
walked and slept
with their long arms around each other. 
They were, however, able to face 
directly
forward by allowing the shoulder of one 
to overlap the other. They were always
beautiful, slim, and huge-eyed. They 
studied the piano and began performing 
piano
duets at an early age. Their 
compositions for four hands were 
thought by some to have
revolutionized the twelve-tone scale.
I was born three years after my 
sisters. My father spared no expense in 
these
experiments. My mother had been 
liberally dosed with cocaine, 
amphetamines, and
arsenic during her ovulation and 
throughout her pregnancy with me. It 
was a

disappointment when I emerged with such 
commonplace deformities. My albinism is
the regular pink-eyed variety and my 
hump, though pronounced, is not 
remarkable in
size or shape as humps go. My situation 
was far too humdrum to be marketable on 
the
same scale as my brother’s and 
sisters’. Still, my parents noted that 
I had a strong voice
and decided I might be an appropriate 
shill and talker for the business. A 
bald albino
hunchback seemed the right enticement 
toward the esoteric talents of the rest 
of the
family. The dwarfism, which was very 
apparent by my third birthday, came as 
a pleasant
surprise to the patient pair and 
increased my value. From the beginning 
I slept in the
built-in cupboard beneath the sink in 
the family living van, and had a 
collection of exotic
sunglasses to shield my sensitive eyes.
Despite the expensive radium treatments 
incorporated in his design, my younger
brother, Fortunato, had a close call in 
being born to apparent normalcy. That 
drab state
so depressed my enterprising parents 
that they immediately prepared to 
abandon him
on the doorstep of a closed service 
station as we passed through Green 
River, Wyoming,
late one night. My father had actually 
parked the van for a quick getaway and 
had
stepped down to help my mother deposit 
the baby in the cardboard box on some 
safe
part of the pavement. At that precise 
moment the two-week-old baby stared 
vaguely at
my mother and in a matter of seconds 
revealed himself as not a failure at 
all, but in fact
my parents’ masterwork. It was lucky, 
so they named him Fortunato. For one 
reason
and another we always called him Chick.
“Papa,” said Iphy. “Yes,” said Elly. 
They were behind his big chair, four 
arms
sliding to tangle his neck, two faces 
framed in smooth black hair peering at 
him from
either side.
“What are you up to, girlies?” He would 
laugh and put his magazine down.
“Tell us how you thought of us,” they 
demanded.
I leaned on his knee and looked into 
his good heavy face. “Please, Papa,” I
begged, “tell us the Rose Garden.”
He would puff and tease and refuse and 
we would coax. Finally Arty would be
sitting in his lap with Papa’s arms 
around him and Chick would be in Lily’s 
lap, and I
would lean against Lily’s shoulder 
while Elly and Iphy sat cross-legged on 
the floor with
their four arms behind them like Gothic 
struts supporting their hunched 
shoulders, and
Al would laugh and tell the story.

“It was in Oregon, up in Portland, 
which they call the Rose City, though I 
never
got in gear to do anything about it 
until a year or so later when we were 
stuck in Fort
Lauderdale.”
He had been restless one day, troubled 
by business boondoggles. He drove up
into a park on a hillside and got out 
for a walk. “You could see for miles 
from up there.
And there was a big rose garden with 
arbors and trellises and fountains. The 
paths were
brick and wound in and out.” He sat on 
a step leading from one terrace to 
another and
stared listlessly at the experimental 
roses. “It was a test garden, and the 
colors were …
designed. Striped and layered. One 
color inside the petal and another 
color outside.
“I was mad at Maribelle. She was a 
pinhead who’d been with your mother and 
me
for a long while. She was trying to 
hold me up for a raise I couldn’t 
afford.”
The roses started him thinking, how the 
oddity of them was beautiful and how
that oddity was contrived to give them 
value. “It just struck me—clear and 
complete all
at once—no long figuring about it.” He 
realized that children could be 
designed. “And I
thought to myself, now that would be a 
rose garden worthy of a man’s interest!”
We children would smile and hug him and 
he would grin around at us and send
the twins for a pot of cocoa from the 
drink wagon and me for a bag of popcorn 
because
the red-haired girls would just throw 
it out when they finished closing the 
concession
anyway. And we would all be cozy in the 
warm booth of the van, eating popcorn 
and
drinking cocoa and feeling like Papa’s 
roses.

