To: Murphy Goodwin
    <mgoodwin@corpora.com>,
From: Chandler Garvey
    <cgarvey@fellowship.net>,
Subject: Welcome! (2) [3yrs ago],

    Hello Murphy!

I'm glad you reached out to us. I'm Chandler
Garvey, longtime member of Virtue Community.
I'll be your sponsor. It's my job to act as a
resource when you need to talk to someone,
and to help you avoid environments where
offending is possible.

Many of us were abused in the past, and some
of us are recovering abusers. This group
began because traditional therapies, twelve
step, and other behavioral rehabilitation
programs don't work for people with our
inclination.

We are here to support one another, and stay
on a righteous path.

Self-control, community, family.

C. Garvey

----------------------------------------------
To: Chandler Garvey, From: Murphy Goodwin
Subject: RE: Welcome

	Hi Chandler,
            
Finding this group is a real windfall for me.
I never thought I'd get the chance to talk
about my illness with others. In the interest
of opening up communications, I'd like to
share a bit about myself.
                
I suffer from a twisted sexuality. Reviled by
all. Delivered to me from my father.
                
I can't help but be attracted to children.
                
I've never acted on these desires, and I
never will. Still I doubt my condition will
ever go away.
                
I've considered chemical castration, but I
can't commit to it. So now, with the help of
Virtue Community, I'll strive to lead a
normal life.
                
	Thank you,
    Murphy Goodwin