          _ _           _
    /\   | | |         | |
   /  \  | | |__   __ _| |_ _ __ ___  ___ ___
  / /\ \ | | '_ \ / _` | __| '__/ _ \/ __/ __|
 / ____ \| | |_) | (_| | |_| | | (_) \__ \__ \
/_/    \_\_|_.__/ \__,_|\__|_|  \___/|___/___/


From: Vincent Sharp
Cc'd: Will Shaffer, Melanie Harris, Alex Wood
Fwd: Federal Election Commission Audit:

    Hello All,

What I'm about to tell you is highly
sensitive, and not to be discussed with
anyone outside this circle.

Earlier today I received a message from a
contact within the Federal Elections
Commission.

Rumor is they are soon to open an
investigation regarding our recent Senatorial
campaign. They believe high numbers of votes
were mishandled, or even falsified. If this
goes public it's an accusation serious enough
to end my short stay in office, and likely
the career of any higher-ups on the campaign
team.

That includes all of you.

Alex, I need you to pull every contact you
trust in legal and find out if the FEC really
means to investigate.

Melanie, I need you to prepare for the worst
and develop our PR move if this disaster is
truly happening.

Will, you will lead a quiet internal
investigation to see if the FEC's claim
against us holds water.

Second day in office and we're already in the
crucible.

Work hard people.

-Vincent
----------------------------------------------
From: Melanie Harris
To: Vincent Sharp
Re: Fwd: Federal Election Commission Audit:

    Vincent,

I've set up a clandestine focus group to test
our potential responses if this goes public.
I'll have the results to you as soon as their
out.

I am also sending you your Albatross data
files. Make sure you look at the file 05 and
decrypt the header. You have your old hex
sheet right?

-Melanie
----------------------------------------------
From: Alex Wood
To: Vincent Sharp
Re: Fwd: Federal Election Commission Audit:

Bad news. They're serious Vincent. The FEC
intends to open their investigation tomorrow.
Let's hope will can figure out where all this
is coming from.

-Alex
----------------------------------------------
From: Melanie Harris
To: Vincent Sharp
Re: Re: Fwd: Federal Election Commission
    Audit:

The results just got back, and it's ugly. We
don't have an adequate way to spin this yet.
We need more time!

-Melanie