Vincent Sharp
November 4
Osman College Recorded Speech


"Hello Osman Collage! How is everyone?"


[CROWD CHEERS]


"...I cannot stress this enugh, but make
sure you and your friends vote! We can easily
take out Raymond if the youth all decided to
vote!..."


"...One of my long lasting policies has been
that education is not supposed to cost a
fortune like everyone is telling you! It
should be free to anyone who wants a higher
education. All the adults say they had to pay
for their education, but one thing is for
sure is that they didn't have to go through
these skyrocketing tuition prices. Back in
their day, they only had to pay about a half
of year's worth of work pay to pay off their
debts; they could have worked during college
and that would have payed for it. Now, a
college student is lucky if they can pay
their rent and food with their work pay..."


"...Now Raymond thinks that education should
still cost a fortune, well that makes sense,
since he has the money to pay for his
children, but we can't all be as privileged
as his family!..."


[CROWD CHEERS]


"...It has been such a privilege being here!
Remember to study hard for your midterms and
make sure to get enough sleep! Thank you!"