What is it about Lilies of the Valley?

There are lilies of the valley growing in a
pot outside my office window.

Convallaria Majalis is their scientific name.
The little white bulbs are sweetly scented,
but extremely poisonous.

I'm no botanist, and I have little love for
flowers, but these lilies always remind me of
my sister.

My father was an ambassador for our
government, and one year was expected to
present thirteen beautiful women to a foreign
king. Instead, against custom, he chose my
youngest sister Rosemary.

She was a stunning beauty, but anyone who
knew her was aware of her slowness. It wasn't
so much that she was an idiot - she was quite
smart in fact! Just that she had a different
way of communicating, and was prone to unruly
moods. Mental illness was dealt with very
differently in my childhood.

But for her presentation to the King and
Queen, she practiced constantly! She was
determined to perform her entrance and royal
curtsey perfectly.

That day she wore a dress of white tulle, a
grey silk net train and a bouquet of lilies
of the valley.

She entered, striding gracefully towards the
royal couple. She moved through the
performance with grace beyond words. Just as
Rosemary was about to glide off, she lost her
footing and tripped.

The crowd made no reaction, and the King and
Queen kept on smiling as if nothing had
happened. Rose and I never spoke about it,
and I'm unsure if she was ever aware of her
stumble.

I miss her.