We're four days out from the election.

And although this journal was supposed to be
used for when I'm under immense pressure, I'm
using it now in an odd state of calm. As
though I'm in the eye of the storm.

Sure, polling data doesn't support me, and
compared to my opposition I've nearly got
half the funding. But for some reason, it
feels as though the hardest part of the
Senate race has passed.

The challenge was explaining my abrupt exit
from Mayoral office to the public. It may
have been years ago, but I still remember
that night with bizarre clarity.

The fierce rain on the windshield. The smell
of the mountain air. Irene's knowing smile,
and kind eyes staring at me from the
passenger seat.

The sudden flash of incoming headlights, and
a momentary horror passing through her
features.

The rest is black.

When I woke up in the hospital a week later,
I was told we we're hit by a drunk driver.
That I was lucky to be alive.

Of course, Irene didn't make it. Neither did
the drunk.

The grief was too much and I had to resign
from office. Back then people understood,
even acted supportive.

And I knew going into this Senatorial race
I'd have to face this again and again.

But then, how I could have imagined how
similar a camera's flash could be to those
headlights.

It makes me sick.