This is Isaac Durov, giving my official
resignation.

Working at the DCPS for almost two decades
has opened my eyes.

In that time I've seen spywork end corrupt
governments, halt terrorist action, and bring
order to warzones. Likewise, in the fight for
information I've seen lives undone, and
intergovernmental plots drop nations into the
hands of convenient dictators.

Our agency, vast and bureaucratic, aims to
protect. But who is the intended beneficiary
of such protections? The people? The state?
Perhaps the DCPS alone.

In our world, one person's gain tends to be
another's loss. Until recently none of this
was my concern. I happily took to
surveillance work. The targets earned my
scorn and earned their cells.

It's not as though I would oppose the DCPS on
the principle of privacy. After all, what
does privacy matter in a time where everyone
is all too eager to vomit their lives onto
social media?

On this computer you will find four pieces of
my letter of resignation, and little else.
I've cleared out all data, except for what
will be made public by the end of the night.