After that my time at the DCPS were tense. I
kept my head down. Did my work. And slowly
amassed data for a public reveal at some
future date.

I began to feel that every additional day
spent there was a threat to my life. If they
found our what I knew, or worse what I
intended to do.

At night I slept little, restless from
regular nightmares. A reoccurring dream
developed. I was an engineer in Edo Period
Japan. The feudal lord trusted me with the
blueprints and inner workings of his castle.
But as soon as the project was complete, I
was executed.

Anxiety built further when my co-workers
started to notice my malaise. I couldn't tell
them the truth. For four long years I lay in
wait, building a case against the DCPS.
Incidentally, the act of building this case
is itself criminal. And in so doing I have
built two cases, each mutually exclusive and
interdependent. To call one guilty is to
acquit the other. To allow my freedom, is to
condemn the DCPS.

I've left two folders: if you submit those
within 'Maintain Order' I'll be summarily
arrested, and my collection of surveillance
data for the public will be erased.

If you submit nothing, you can take the
'Public Reveal.zip' and anonymously throw it
online.

These years at the DCPS have left my
judgement compromised. With your fresh eyes I
trust you can make a decision truer to the
people's interests.

The choice is yours.

-Isaac Durov