After over a decade working in surveillance I
was given high level security clearance.

My operations took on dire scale. Most of my
targets were well known politicians, or their
enemies. I began to notice the selectivity of
who I watched was more pointed that I
initially believed.

With each high profile case I felt more and
more that my work was for the benefit of
administration ghosts, and back-room
profiteers.

The thin veneer of patriotic adulation I'd
been feeding myself was turning sour. Who's
security is really protected by these
systems? I delved into files above my
clearance to sate a new hunger.

What I found turned my stomach. Domestic
surveillance was by far the largest sector of
the DCPS - followed by intra-agency spying.
Our own governmental systems were under
closer scrutiny than any foreign paramilitary
organization, or autocratic tyrant.

This scrutiny wasn't even for people's
safety, rather it was for closing any
potentially embarrassing breaches of
information. In other words, the sussing out
of whistleblowers within and without.

For the self-obsessed man I was - realizing
my co-workers just one rank my senior had
scoured my meta-data and every file on my
computer - pushed me into a state of
paranoia.

From then on, I was painfully aware of my
being watched. That's when I began
collecting.