Hello my Ogler, my Scopophiliac, my Peeping
Tom!

    Is it alright if I call you Tom? I
suppose it doesn’t matter. What’s next?
Right, right, my escape from the streets.
    After seeing those fireworks, I knew I
needed to get involved. Somehow become a part
of it. At the age of twelve, I met the man
who was hired every year for the festival. An
old Chinese immigrant named Guowei Fang -
stern and inflexible, except of course when
his work was flying through the air. Then you
could see a crazy glint in his eyes and a
ridiculous toothy grin spread across his
face. An expression he must have noticed we
shared, because he took me on as an
apprentice of sorts. He didn’t speak a word
of English, and I not a word of Mandarin, but
we somehow got along.
    Over the next 7 years I worked hard to
learn from him, and master his trade. As the
years passed it became clear to me that soon
his health would decline. His status as an
illegal immigrant prevented him from
attaining health insurance, and as much fun
as fireworks were, they couldn’t pay the
absurd cost of today’s medical bills.
    I had to help in any way I could, so I
began to study a practical application of our
art. I applied to a Hartley Engineering
School, with a focus on explosives and
demolition. Three years into the program, I
was at the top of my class. Professors
offered me connections within the industry,
and I was quick to find a well paying job
right out of school.
    For a time, things were good. I covered
Guowei’s healthcare, and my Mother was as
proud as could be. And with my support, she
was finally able to live at the same address
for more than three months at a time. It felt
like paradise, halcyon days often do.

- David Finley