Hello Investigator,

    I write this to you because by now your
algorithms will have flagged me as a threat
of some kind, and it’s likely someone like
yourself will comb through my personal data.
    Most people would vainly attempt to hide
their guilt. But as we both know, everyone is
indexed these days, and my “private
information” is no challenge for agencies
like yours to dig up. So I will be honest.
    I grew up poor. Poorer than most folks
know exists in a country like ours. Mom
worked three jobs. Gone all day, everyday.
Yet, it was never enough to pay off her
debts, and simultaneously keep a roof over
our heads. Eventually, the unpaid bills would
stack up, the bank would put a lien on our
house, and it was back to the shelters.
    It was unfair; impossible even. How could
a single mother who never finished high
school maintain a home? The wealth always
accumulates at the top, and the collectors
don’t give a fuck what you’ve been through if
you can’t pay up when the time comes. It was
rare to find a moment apart from the sense
that your life was hanging by a thread.
    But there was one special night when we
felt free from worry: Chinese New Year.
People would gather in the streets, staring
up at the sky to watch the fireworks go off.
All of us together, in awe of the spectacle -
fire and sound! - booming!  Every year during
those fireworks I’d catch a glimpse of
something truly rare - my mother smiling.
    You may be wondering how this relates to
your algorithm’s threat assessment, so I’ll
just spell it out for you.
    In the next twenty-four hours, I’m going
to set off a bomb in one of this city’s major
financial institutions. Dig deeper
Investigator, time is fleeting!

- David Finley