This will be my final note to you
Investigator,

    Soon after my stunt imitating the
Ballista, Redwater's lawyers came after me.
They sued for all 14 million I'd lost them in
project expenses, plus charges of fraudulent
misrepresentation. I hired an attorney, but
they were convinced negotiations were out
only out. We went for a settlement of 13
million, dropping the felony charges.
    The financial bubble I'd built around
myself popped. I could no longer support my
Mother, Guowei, or myself. It felt bitterly
like old times. Bank liens. Houses gone -
nearly all assets taken.
    I tried to find work to get back on my
feet, but Redwater had me blacklisted across
the industry. Knowing that was a final blow
of sorts.
	On the street again, with a rare few
artifacts of my successful life in hand, I
tried to survive. For 5 years I went shelter
to shelter, filled again with the
insecurities of my childhood. There's a way
you get ground down by that sort of life.
Being unseen for so long. Life trash on the
curb, not worth looking towards. My
connections to the real world began to fade.
	One day I was informed that Guowei's
illness had progressed. What could be done?
	Soon after that, I learned my Mother had
been in a similar predicament as me, but had
fared far worse. Not long after her return to
homelessness she got 5150'd, and was
transferred to a long term asylum. I do not
know which facility she was taken to, and I
have not heard of her since.
	A few months ago in the park I saw this
laptop left unattended. At first all that
occurred to me was selling it for food, but
then I saw the background. An image of
fireworks. Silly, that even a picture of
those lights in the sky could bring back so
much to me. I stole the laptop, and began
planning a way to finish this.
	Tonight I will be setting off my last
firework. This one with quite a bit more
kick. The bank between 1st and Washington
denied my Mother the loans she needed when I
was young, put us on the street. It put liens
on my home, and later my assets after the
Redwater incident. Reducing my life to rubble
is all it ever did, and now Iâ€™ll return the
favor.
	I will be inside the bank when it comes
down.

	Goodbye,
	David Finley